All right. Let's check out the solution now for creating this lighter object.
So back in environment.cpp.
In this simple highway function,
we can go ahead and create our Lidar as so.
So here we're instantiating on the heap.
So we have this lidar pointer type,
and we're using the new keyword,
and then the arguments were cars,
and so cars is actually just coming from the initHighway function.
That's just the list of cars in our simulation environment,
and then we're using zero just saying that our ground plane is at zero slope.
So it's just the horizontal plane.
Now, if we go ahead and say that,
we could compile and then we have this lighter object.